Feature: Customizable column names and extra config placeholder (#127)
databrickslabs/dqx: docs/dqx/docs/guide.mdx

dq_engine = DQEngine(WorkspaceClient())

checks = DQRuleColSet( # define rule for multiple columns at once
            columns=["col1", "col2"],
            criticality="error",
            check_func=is_not_null).get_rules() + [
         DQRule( # define rule for a single column
            name="col3_is_null_or_empty",
            criticality="error",

>             check=is_not_null_and_not_empty('col3')),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            check=is_not_null_and_not_empty("col3")),
```

         DQRule( # define rule with a filter
            name="col_4_is_null_or_empty",

>             criticality='error', 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            criticality="error", 
```

>             filter='col1<3',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            filter="col1<3",
```

>             check=is_not_null_and_not_empty('col4')),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            check=is_not_null_and_not_empty("col4")),
```

For details on the specific methods available in the engine, visit to the [reference](/docs/reference#dq-engine-methods) section.

Information on testing applications that use `DQEngine` can be found [here](/docs/reference#testing-applications-using-dqx).

## Additional Configuration

### Custom Error and Warning Columns

> By default, DQX adds `_error` and `_warning` columns to the output dataframe to indicate the quality issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, DQX appends `_error` and `_warning` reporting columns to the output DataFrame to flag quality issues.
```

> It is possible to customize the names of these columns by sending extra configurations to the engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize the names of these reporting columns by specifying additional configurations in the engine.
```

```python
from databricks.sdk import WorkspaceClient
from databricks.labs.dqx.engine import (
    DQEngine,
    ExtraParams,
)

> # using ExtraParams class to configure the engine with custom column names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# customize reporting column names
```

extra_parameters = ExtraParams(column_names={'errors': 'ERRORS', 'warnings': 'WARNINGS'})

ws = WorkspaceClient()
dq_engine = DQEngine(ws, extra_params=extra_parameters)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
